in a session
and who normally have
we know it in the form of one in every place that we realized
it's about
of the pacman game
for the realization of this player we needed
amended to
worse this form
a small mouth
m annelies
henkel we go the world
closed for you his mouth continually continually
we have legalize for tonight
a clip
the occurrence and the next
so it's an animation
image by image
they involve
3rd age plus
and which consists of frontage le mans
accomplish is closed
the mouth
in our body
once finished and we have it is split the occurrence of this clip
to equalize
the four directions on the other hand anyway because we do it's a game
which consists of
control the movement
of its heritage
through the golden keys of the keyboard action
the right key
rotate our pack not even right
the left key
rotate it
towards the left
the layer touches it by tooth
the devolo turns it
and finally the touch per year
makes it turn down so once one has created
the four directions of our manna pack
based
of the first clip
click opens and closes his mouth
continually
we did not tighten
inscriptions he walks
in the first image there which simply consist
to stop at the head of the team because once on stage
this occurrence it does not have to
% move ie
tour
all the time we have to have
a first departure
the departure for pacman
percent and is heading towards
to the right
hence the necessity
dostom pay
the reading head
in the scenario of our side
we will need dabo so she is here he is in the context of a tour
it's a good invisible time
because we do not want it to appear time our main stage
finally just use it
for programming our keyboard keys
very well
now
we are going
we will take a look at
our script
so I select my end of time
p I open the parliament
ap critical sense
and as you can see
like it's a long time so we'll need a manager
event
an event manager who will control
the deferential redirection key
2 our keyboard
the right key
that is right right left key left
in parent
so we have the possibility
to program
just a little while
with
several managers
every manager
he controls the event well determined
in the coma besides the users press the right key
we must
our displaced
evra first keyframes
others during his parents ie
in the other object pacman
whose occurrence it is called art
because simply
the right key
turn it to the right
lower
allah the best he threw me
when nani
position
I come back proscribed
the same for you
the green key
she turns another object on the left
and that corresponds
at the second he threw me
in the scenario
from the other object
the institute more
the other two keys ap
and the time
if you like
simple destruction
allowing
redirected the mans obliged either to the right or to the left his report to
Roma either
for which
displacement
for investments
for moving because of nozal talent in changing
the value'
of the property it touches the object by
but in a continuous way
that is to say
modest obi-1 sometimes the user
he is not pressing the key
any key for example the right key
our object
he has to move
canteen and german
help
or arezzo dallest by ap because of a step forward
when we call here
or understood that it's called here b so it's a variable normally
in the main stage
we gave an initial value to this variable d
so when we see their wise
so for every nice weather right vehicle
the property they give themselves at the end I have a year and it will continue a sacred
mounted 5
so it's a variable
it's the role of symbols
more speculative not to say we're not going to add
when you are born German the value 5
at the property x2 no
as long as the user and press
the right key
the same for the head
but for lyon more in May - and instead of variability we did not
mik a ride called g
that is to say on the left
archambault
ebay to see
we only read and there
property paul high
to show that sometimes we need
to specify the showman
that is to say
the ulm location where the variable is located
in our project
the other of the scene
in May appealing that it targets variability
we use the variability
all the holes
secure
scene
so at every click what is space
android move
to the position
adequate
it all depends on the tight close touch
more moving the envied
is not praying the world in this course but which aims to propose
texts
be vertically
in this case use the property
the appointment
see you
or as a result of this workshop